[ADD] account_chart_update_code_digits: New module (#2192)
OCA/account-financial-tools: account_chart_update_code_digits/readme/CONFIGURE.md

No configuration is needed. By default, the lenght of the account codes is set from chart template. 

> If the chart template hasn't length, then “6” is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the chart template has no length, then “6” is set.
```

English is weird.

To change the account code length:

1. Go to _Accounting > Settings > Update Chart Template_
2. Modify the field `Account Code Digits`

> 3. Click on **Next** with the field `Update accounts`selected

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click on **Next** with the field `Update accounts` selected
```

> No configuration is needed. By default, “6” is set for the length of the account codes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No configuration is needed. By default, the legnth of the account codes is set from chart template. If the chart template hasn't length, then “6” is set.
```

> To change the lenght number, go to the wizard on _Accounting > Settings > Update Chart

Reviewer 2: This is not entirely true. You don't updated the codes till update the code accounts
